This output is using calHash1() and collHash2() !!!

Congratulations! Today is too, should not. oh, no! make one of rocks, with 
her the roof, where he peeksout of the Thneed I know, they 
decided that was my work is dreary. They'll walk on my trees 
to pay. On Again! In the evening was even took the crummies 
because you'll start singing! They'd rush for the beach, They were... untill 
Yertle, the rake, and seven!" But, now, you can't stand it. not 
in August, he tied a frightening creek, though the little fish,' said 
nothing. Just never mix up there. Say! I need food. We are 
no food, in fifteen cents and get so big. They never foget 
to have my big machine roared And the sky! "Hooray!" shouted Yertle. 
"Say, what a sock. It's a star now rule! I'm figgering On 
you already know. They had something fall. The water was two things 
Are everywhere. Here are some pipes when he got frightfully bad. Then, 
when every last one smacker. We know some people just waiting. So...get 
on thars. And he stuffed them away!' 'oh dear!' said the bright 
places you'll want 'bout two sizes that went on her to shake 
hands with more the rest of fresh morning light, And my roads. 
I shipped out. and, maybe, not let out now rule! I'm afraid 
that isn't so good, so like our mother will take off his 
fib fooled the fields came in fifteen cents and uncles and give 
you paid him the fish! and our new rake. you paid him 
the world will see. And it from their Uncle Jake or Mordecai 
Ali Van Allen O'Shea, You're off his throat. "And NOW!" grinned the 
wall! bump! down here when they are pink, white and knees. How 
long as i did grow!Now, chopping of food up And your way! 
At the fish. 'he has other way at last! those two Things 
should be. I got. I need food. We were out of pearls, 
or not, would you think. So I'm taking our way back... such 
a string of all. You dirty old Grinch thought, "doesn't come a 
place while I went away in Whoville beneath, Was busy now, what 
SHOULD we did a pot! he had. And your left. And on 
those things ran about And this plain little car. And plums! And 
brownish. And on top of my workshop, my lungs"- he hadn't before! 
And you say. should not. But I'm also in your hacking my 
sweet little bit. and a book one was left or parties or 
that Life's a mind-maker-upper to fall!' 'have no harm. I'm taking our 
new throne. And it started to dump it! "PoohPooh to order and 
in a fox. I work to eat. The whole Once-ler Family was 
spent, The trimmings! The Grinch grabbed the cake. you may. Try them! 
at all creatures should we shook up all frowned, If you is 
something new.two things. and glad and deft. And what happened then? Well...in 
Whoville Liked Christmas is out!' said to boil, 
