This output is using calHash1() and collHash1() !!!

Congratulations! Today is one tree. I said."There's no longer in my factory. I 
had Eleven, too! Every Who girls and you see! So Yertle, the 
first little fish,' said nothing. Just pay me good-bye. They were making 
Gluppity-Glupp. Your Majesty, please... I see? One, two, three... How much you 
don't. Because, sometimes he took Was singing! They'd rush for three ninety-eight 
I knew every minute his hat. From outside in with curls, or 
parties or the same thing two!' so, as he tries them Thing 
One after my roads. I biggered my brothers and you'll soon take 
off to here, Your Majesty, please... I look down long way. We 
turtles are all getting the chimney and my heart. I fear, little 
turtle Looked up these Things should not like it! "PoohPooh to fly 
a tree! I shipped out. I first little pond. It could not, 
I'm afraid you lose? How many fingers nervously drumming, "I repeat," cried 
the Lorax said Yertle, that isn't so big red fan! i said, 
'do you look down with many strange birds ever sing a Lurch. 
You'll get rid of pants or bags!" And oldish. And oldish. And 
bicycles! Roller skates! Drums! Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And with a car. And 
mossy. And YOU do it, then i will she do as brainy 
and keen, My poor Bar-ba-loots are free As turtles 'way down here 
when you're too tight. But I chopped down the clouds were all 
hung up many strange hole in Whoville, the cake. you look up 
more trees. No or there.I do you could be, with one smacker. 
We know who's who. That plain little lad got lifted and taken 
away... It was who. Then, when you eat them anywhere. I fear, 
little star. This wondrous contraption will hit! oh, no! make you, Sam-I-am. 
Could a reindeer, I'll make one speck of joy in no tongues. 
And mossy. And they decided that day, all he hadn't before! "Maybe 
Christmas," he built a cow and give the hot, hot sun. Oh 
me! look on past dawn... All my roads. I think of her 
the Brown Bar-ba-loots who have come here below, we do? I'll bring 
it a game that you'll soon take off four Truffula Tree with 
her the cat! I'm figgering On biggering and you'll soon take them 
for bicycle seats!" The Plain-Belly Sneetches And I'm afraid that Sam-I-am! I 
was a wonderful chance for your ear and kicks and grind on 
thars. Those trees! Those Truffula Fruit to grow bigger.So bigger I do 
to us, 'why do better than silk. And whenever they yelled at 
Whoville! The Waiting for bicycle seats!" The Grinch even talking. When he 
built a mule... Well, that they are blue. Some windows are Sneetches 
And YOU are two hands. but hooks and took Was the loads 
of Truffula fruits. From outside in with your hacking my cart. In 
no fun to swim to race down my net i say. you 
need 'bout five thousand, six hundred and you 
