This output is using calHash2() and collHash2() !!!

Congratulations! Today is your troubles. I've put in Whoville beneath, Was singing! Without 
any you'll ride high! Ready because you're not enought Truffula Trees at 
all frowned, If you hear? oh, what would YOU are good tricks. 
and frequently do is dreary. They'll walk on that his star-off machine. 
And bicycles! Roller skates! Drums! Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And that's higher still! 
I'll do? would sit on top of town where he paused. And 
your elbow and early. They'd do you already know. I speak for 
much you eat them a whole thing!" "Why, for trees have gas, 
and chin! Do I meant no food, in style, said McBean. And 
what happened then? Well...in Whoville Liked Christmas from up those with greed. 
There is going to race down to find this way!' 'so so 
tame! they clambered inside. Then they have four. Some are points to 
run. They were too smart to play. so much you now. you 
may like them. So he bellowed and 3/4 percent guaranteed.) KID, YOU'LL 
MOVE MOUNTAINS! So... be so! But HOW?" Then he ruled was still 
green eggs and footsy as you. You dirty old liar. On you 
won't. I'm figgering On you hear! i like it! "PoohPooh to help 
you. your own. And what everyone needs. Then the mat! we do? 
well... what a guy! You only could before somebody lifted himself by 
Whisper-ma-Phone, for fun on your dad. Some have come near. And a 
boat. And it jerked. And tosay the Fix-it-Up Chappie kept fixing some 
milk and then we shook their stockings!" he makes his stone for 
anything under the guy who'll decide where he climbed up with his 
cave with it came without packages, boxes or No more turtles! I 
came Thing One after another, they can't tell us two, three, four, 
Five, six, seven, Eight, nine, ten.He has other uses. Yes, far beyond 
that Life's a fox? Not on my lungs"- he hides what happened 
then? Well...in Whoville they said, "Santy Claus, why," "Why are red. then 
so but, sadly, it's true that meant, well, I fear, little toy 
ship, sank our house and a lot... But on just at the 
rake, and I'm telling you will stuff up TWO books! i could, 
i saw ALL i went after year. Then he sat down on 
doing just like them, Sam-I-am! That dares to come, or parties or 
what you so tame! they have gas, and happily bought it came 
to grow. But down at that! My throne higher! I work is 
fun on that plain little bit. and took the smoke-smuggered stars. The 
best Sneetches had knitted was king am I!" Until 'long about it 
clean water. And plums! And at that! My throne of her a 
Better Break or that Marvelous he, HE went away with hops and 
BIGGERING and taken away... It all dreaming sweet smell of fresh air.Grow 
a whole room, and remember that the rest. Except when you're only 
could do better than silk. And he, Is 
